!!! This readme is mostly outdated. Requirments now are ghc 7.4, and make have
been replaced with cabal. Program options and workflow and words file syntax
are changed as well. New specification doesn't written yet.

1. Requirments:
    - old release of haskell-platform (2010.1 or 2010.2 will work) (with
      ghc-6).
    - File with words must be in utf8 and terminal must support utf8 output.

2. Compile:

If you have GNU make (tested with 3.81), just

  make
  
for compile and

  make clean

for clean. There is no install target. The program is single binary.

Otherwise,

    ghc -Wall -outputdir bin -isrc --make src/show_words.hs -o bin/show_words

for compile. And 

    rm -f bin/*

for clean.

3. Usage: ./show_words [options..] [column_names]

  Show words (phrases) from file one by one in specified column order and
check your answers against next word.

Options:
 -m, --mode MODE - set operation mode to MODE.
 -f, --file FILE - read words from file.
 -s              - shuffle input lines.
 where
     MODE - operation mode:
         - "print" for waiting for a key after each next phrase in
           specified columns.
         - "check" for checking user input against each next phrase in
           specified columns (literal check).
         - "reorder" just reorder columns and output all file at once. This
           is default.
     FILE - input file with words (words.txt is by default).
     [column_names] - any number of any column names, one in one command
                      line argument.

  File must contain lines of words. Line may contain several columns
separated by columnSep. Column may contain several phrases separated by
phraseSep.  First line of file treated as heading (reference), and should
contain column names in current order separated by referenceSep. These
separators defined in main.

  File will be displayed line by line, phrase by phrase in the specified
columns order with leading and trailing spaces of each phrase deleted
(inner spaces preserved). You may specify desired column order at command
line: any column names in any order.

  If there is at least two valid column names specified, first is treated
as "question". Before every phrase in other (not first) specified columns
requested action (wait or check) will be executed. All other
(non-specified) columns will be outputted at once right after last
specified column. No action will be executed before them or phrases in
them, and execution immediately proceeds at the next line.
  Hence, if there is less, than two columns specified, entire file will be
outputted at once, so this has a little sense :-)

  Incorrect column names silently skipped without any notification.  This
may lead to nasty bugs, when all seems ok, but not works however. So,
double check column names in words file and on command line!

